2001 - Aug. - 23

*** These files are only intended for use for Baldur's Gate II with the
Throne Of Bhaal expansion installed. They should not cause any conflicts or
problems without it, but this cannot be guaranteed.

The files AR4000.BCS, ILAGRP.BCS, ILLAINV.SPL, ILLAS01-4.ITM, ILLASERA.BCS,
ILLASERA.CRE, ILLASERA.DLG, ZILARC01.CRE, ZILFGT.ITM, ZILFGT01.CRE,
ZILFGT02.CRE, AND ZILMAG01.CRE contained in this archive are newly created
and modified versions of Baldur's Gate II: Throne Of Bhaal area control
scripting, AI scripts, creature definition files and creature "item" files
and spell definition files relating to the battle with Illasera.

They have been provided by BioWare Senior Designer David Gaider as a
supplement to the Throne Of Bhaal expansion. They increase the difficulty
of the Illasera battle, as was requested by players.

In David Gaider's words: "It is not very high difficulty...as a battle
right at the beginning of the game shouldn't be...but it does make Illasera
a credible opponent and member of the Five. She's a ranger/archer now,
which was her original concept before we were forced to make the battle
much, much easier (since people could potentially meet her with a single,
newly-created sorcerer...and since the fight was unavoidable, those who
couldn't get past it would be quite frustrated).  This version makes it so
that you always meet the tougher Illasera as well as all her companions, so
those who go into ToB with a weak character might want to stick with the
original version."

To use:

Simply unzip all files contained in this archive other than this ReadMe
into the Override folder inside your Baldur's Gate II folder, and
quit/restart Baldur's Gate II: Throne Of Bhaal (if it's already running.)

Note: The file AR4000.BCS will already be present in your Baldur's Gate II
Override folder from a default installation of Throne Of Bhaal. If you wish
to be able to restore this battle to its previous state, be sure to move or
rename the original AR4000.BCS so that it can be restored. Deletion of the
files listed at the start from your Baldur's Gate II Override folder and
restoration of the original AR4000.BCS will uninstall this supplement.

-------------------------- David Gaider's Disclaimer: While provided by a
Bioware employee, these files are not to be taken as part of the official
release of Throne of Bhaal and should be considered equivalent to a
third-party game addition or modification.  BioWare does not guarantee that
these files will work with your copy of the game.  They are being provided
solely due to requests for game enhancements, such as to experience certain
game elements before they were removed or changed for game-balance or other
reasons.  -------------------------

Kevin Dorner mrkevvy@home.com aka Kivan Do'Urner, solo CG E F/M/T aaka
Elmonster, solo LN H M

This file was obtained from my webpage at http://members.home.com/mrkevvy
