2001 - Aug. - 05

*** These files are only intended for use for Baldur's Gate II with the
Throne Of Bhaal expansion installed. They should not cause any conflicts or
problems without it, but this cannot be guaranteed.

The files AR5203.ARE, AR5203.BCS, GPARCHER.BCS, GPHEALER.BCS, GPKENSAI.BCS,
GPMAGE1.BCS, GPMAGE2.BCS, GPMERC.BCS, GPTHIEF.BCS, SPSEQ12A.BCS,
YAGA01.CRE, YAGA01.DLG, YAGA01.SPL, YAGA02-05.CRE, YAGAFT.BCS, YAGAWH.ITM,
YAGWEAK.SPL, YSCLER01.CRE, YSFIRE01.CRE, YSFIRE02.CRE, YSMAGE01.CRE, and
YSSOLD01-04.CRE contained in this archive are newly created and modified
versions of Baldur's Gate II: Throne Of Bhaal area control scripts, an area
definition file, AI scripts, creature definition files, creature "item"
files and spell definition files relating to the battle with Yaga-Shura.

They have been provided by BioWare Senior Designer David Gaider as a
supplement to the Throne Of Bhaal expansion. They increase the difficulty
of the Yaga-Shura battle, as was requested by players.

In David Gaider's words: "This mod makes the last fight with Yaga-Shura a
bit more of a tussle... the army spawns have been increased in number and
given better AI (as well as had some low-level mages and clerics thrown
into the mix).  Yaga-Shura himself has been given some better powers and
AI, including his lieutenants...and his invulnerability slowly wears off
during the course of the battle with him, making this fight a bit trickier.
One caution: a couple of times crashes were reported soon after Yaga-Shura
re-appears.  I was not able to verify if this was due to a specific bug or
due to too much graphic overload, but it does seem to be rare regardless."

The update to this changes the GPTHIEF.BCS and GPMAGE1.BCS scripts as they
were changed (and debugged) by David Gaider for the Improved Gromnir battle
released later.

To use:

Simply unzip all files contained in this archive other than this ReadMe
into the Override folder inside your Baldur's Gate II folder, and
quit/restart Baldur's Gate II: Throne Of Bhaal (if it's already running.)

Note: The AR5203.BCS and GPARCHER.BCS files will already be present in your
Baldur's Gate II Override folder with a default Throne Of Bhaal
installation. If you wish to be able to restore this battle to its previous
state, be sure to move or rename these two files so that they can be
restored. Deletion of the files listed above from your Baldur's Gate II
Override folder and restoration of the original AR5203.BCS and GPARCHER.BCS
will uninstall this supplement.

-------------------------- David Gaider's Disclaimer: While provided by a
Bioware employee, these files are not to be taken as part of the official
release of Throne of Bhaal and should be considered equivalent to a
third-party game addition or modification.  BioWare does not guarantee that
these files will work with your copy of the game.  They are being provided
solely due to requests for game enhancements, such as to experience certain
game elements before they were removed or changed for game-balance or other
reasons.  -------------------------

Kevin Dorner mrkevvy@home.com aka Kivan Do'Urner, solo CG E F/M/T aaka
Elmonster, solo LN H M

This file was obtained from my webpage at http://members.home.com/mrkevvy
