[ These epilogues are provided for the benefit of the interested reader who
  would like to see how these things progressed over time. ] 

Subject: Ascension Bodhi epilogue

Thought I'd send you this post I put together on PBG once.  Feel free
to use it, or dispose of it as you see fit.

Quitch

******

This covers all the major epilogue revisions.  The first one was
written before the expanded epilogues were put in place, while two and
three were put out to get an idea from the testers on what they were
looking for from the epilogue.  Number four was a disaster (an army of
vampires... what was I thinking?), while I was finally content with
number five.  The Ascension copy is the result of much polish and
fiddling.

Epilogue 1:

After her experience with <CHARNAME>, Bodhi realised the power that it
was possible for beings to hold. Driven further into hatred and
bitterness after the portion of soul granted to her by <CHARNAME>
failed to restore her to her elven state; it became an obsession for
her to obtain such power for herself. Gathering the remaining Vampires
from Saradush, she moved to Athkathla in an attempt to recreate her
glory days. Having had enough experiences with Vampire nests, and
forewarned by the Shadow Thieves, the city was prepared, and she was
swiftly driven off. She had greater success at Baldur's Gate, where the
chaos of recent events allowed her to slip in unseen and unsuspected.
Striking from the extensive network of sewers she terrorised the
citizens of Baldur's Gate and brought new Vampires to her cause, until
not even the Flaming Fist would walk the streets at night. Her reign of
terror was brought to an abrupt end by a unknown Cleric from the local
temple of Helm, who died as he drove a stake through her still black
heart.

Epilogue 2:

Without her brothers focus to guide her, Bodhi wandered. She found that
news of her allegiance with an enemy of her people had spread, and she
was driven off everywhere she went. She had the power she always wanted
granted through the soul of <CHARNAME>, but reviled by good and
rejected by evil, she never had anywhere to wield it. It is believed
she perished somewhere in the North, a cleric of Helm finally
committing the shame of the elves to the grave. Whether death finally
brought peace or eternal torment to her twisted soul, may never be
known.

Epilogue 3:

Soon after the prophecy of Aludeno came to pass, Bodhi went on a
crusade of terror, bringing death to the Sword Coast once again. At
first a few villagers went missing, then people from the city slums.
Soon though, several nobles disappeared and Bodhi came into the open.
Uniting vampires from places such as Saradush and Athkalta, she wielded
the power she had always desired and directed it against those that had
been instrumental in her curse. Many vampires and elves died before the
undead were finally destroyed. To this day the fate of Bodhi is
unknown, but villagers in the surrounding area have once again been
reporting disappearances...

Epilogue 4:

After her experiences with <CHARNAME>, Bodhi realised just how much
power one being could wield. Having tasted power through the piece of
<CHARNAME>'s soul, she began to desire more. Slipping further into
bitter hatred as the last vestiges of this power faded, it became an
obsession for her to reach such heights again. Without her brother
though, Bodhi lacked focus and spent much time wandering. Time passed,
but Bodhi had not forgotten what had been done to her, nor had she
forgiven. She sank to new depths of cunning as she plotted her revenge,
and slowly, she gained power, bringing terror to the villages and towns
of the Sword Coast as she sustained herself with the blood of the
innocent. Slowly, an army of vampires arose and she moved openly on
Suldanesselar. General Elhan was sent to oppose her and in the chaos
that followed both the general and Bodhi disappeared. It was assumed
that both had perished. Bodhi was not to be so easily stopped however,
and had converted the general to her cause. He led her through the
trees to Suldanesselar where she thought to finish the plan she had
started so long ago, and so claim the power she craved. As she tried to
reach the Tree of Life one last time, Ellesime met her in the grand
hall of the elves, drawn by the sole bond they shared. The need for
revenge. It was here that Bodhi, curse of the elves and bane of
Joneleth, finally met her end. A curse on the elves left her lips as a
cry for a lost love greeted the act of the stake piercing her still
black heart. As Ellesime wept, what remained of Bodhi's twisted soul
departed, though whether she finally found peace, or only eternal
torment, we may never know.

Epilogue 5:

After her experiences with <CHARNAME>, Bodhi realised just how much
power one being could wield. Having tasted it through the piece of
<CHARNAME>'s soul, she began to desire more. Slipping further into
bitter hatred as the last vestiges of this power faded; it became her
obsession to reach such heights again. People up and down the Sword
Coast came to know fear as Bodhi bathed in their blood as she sated her
thirst for chaos and death. Many villages to this day continue the
tradition of leaving a victim bound on the road every new moon, as an
offering to the things that stalk the night. She became a byword for
terror, with temples far and wide taking it upon themselves to hunt her
down. Many a mighty cleric was later found drained of blood, with agony
etched across their pallid features. There are darker rumours yet, that
some clerics returned to their temple, to stain them with the blood of
their brothers. Over time Bodhi felt the icy grip of her curse once
more. Desperation mixed with fear clawed at the very fibre of her
being. Her desire for chaos faded and ambition stirred once more. The
call which had once prompted her to whisper dreams of power into the
ear of her brother, now brought her back to the place she had long ago
called home, Suldanessellar. It is said the Ellesime met her at the
gates, where Bodhi danced one last time. No one knows exactly what came
to pass, but revenge burned bright in both of them, and it called for
blood. The Tree of Life drove Bodhi on, and the memory of Joneleth
cried out to Ellesime. The two embraced, and it was revenge that was
destined to be the victor, even as a stake pierced the still black
heart of Bodhi, one who was as damned in life as she was in death.

Ascension Epilogue:

Bodhi had tasted godlike power in the form of <CHARNAME>'s soul.  As
the last vestiges of it faded with time, she began to desire more,
slipping into bitter hatred as it became her obsession to reach such
heights again.  People up and down the Sword Coast came to know fear as
Bodhi bathed in their blood, sating her thirst for chaos and death. 
Villages began to leave people bound by the road as an offering to the
thing that stalked the night.  Her name became a byword for terror,
with temples far and wide trying in vain to hunt her down.  Many a
mighty cleric was later found drained of blood, agony etched across
their pallid features.  Over time Bodhi felt the icy grip of the curse
tighten its hold on her.  Desperation mixed with fear clawed at the
very fibre of her being.  Desire for chaos faded and she fought to
survive once more.  Ambiton, which had once prompted her to whisper
dreams of power into the ear of her brother, now brought her back to
the place she had long ago called home, Suldanessellar.  It was at the
gates that Ellesime met her.  At the gates that Bodhi danced one last
time.  Revenge burned bright in both of them, and it called out for
blood.  The power of the Tree of Life drove Bodhi on, and the memory of
Joneleth cried out to Ellesime.  The two embraced, and it was revenge
that was destined to be the victor, even as a stake pierced the still
black heart of Bodhi, one who was as damned in life as she was in death.
